Intro to css values (#44937)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/line-height/index.md

line-height: unset;
```

### Values

> This property is specified as a `<number>`,`<length>`, `<percentage>`, or the keyword `normal`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is specified as a single value from the following list:
```
